Now what you saw in this module and what's typical for React Native apps is that you have to style a
lot on your own.
The button is a rare exception.
The built in button I mean which automatically gives you some base styling and even adjusts itself to
the underlying platform.
But other than that you really have to style everything on your own.
Be that a text input.
At this output.
Be that the text here or custom buttons.
You'll have to do a lot of manual styling and component creation and React Native because we act native
only gives you these raw primitives to work with only the view the text and so on and you have to adjust
them to your requirements and to the look and feel you want to achieve.
Now React Native also actually has active community and there are some nice third party packages have
been created which are essentially collections of pre-built components that sometimes even change their
look depending on the platform they're running on sometimes not but which always give you some pre styled
components you can use and therefore you might want to look into those.
If you're building an app in cases where you want to a white setting up all these styles on your own
where you don't have your own strict corporate identity or your own detailed look which you need to
fine tune in every detail.
In such cases attached you find a link to this document from the expo docs where you find some examples
of popular third party UI kits you eye component libraries which you can add to your React Native project
which also work and React Native projects created with Expo to easily get pre-built components you can
well drop into your project on the pages of these projects you also see previews of how this would look
like which style these pre-built components have and how they work and you can always dive into the
docs of these packages to explore which components they for example give you and whether that's something
that might be interesting to you or not.
So checking out these UI kids can be worth it because that can give you certain elements like pre-built
buttons pre-built text fields and whatever it is dead look and feel the way you want your app to look
and feel and which then of course saves you the time of building these components on your own because
what you do then is simply you add this library to your project you install it and of course you always
find installation instructions on these pages as well.
So you install such a library into your project and then all you have to do is you in the end just import
the components you need into your component files and start using them.
So that's really simple.
That's a nice alternative to building everything on your own and it of course depends on what you needed
your app but such kits exist and therefore having a look is definitely worth it.